## **List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with twoto five sentences.**
- 1. **Comparison Operators** - These are used to compare 2 values. They are compared using signs such as > (greater than), < (less than), >= (greater than or equal to), <= (less than or equal too), == (equal), === (strictly equal), != (not equal to), !== (strictly not equal too ).
- 2. **Arithmetic Operators** - They are simply used to do mathematical operations with numerical values of the variables. The signs used are + (addition), - (subtraction), * (multiplication), / (division), % (modulus), ++ (increment), -- (decrement).
- 3. **Generating output** - To display the output or result after an input. Console.log generates the output to the console tab of the developer tools when you inspect element. Document.write directly displays output to an HTML document. Document.getElementById(id) displays the output with the use of an HTML element.
- 4. **Control Statements** - Different actions and outputs are executed depending on the conditions. For example, if condition 1 is true, then that statement will be executed. However, if condition 1 is false and condition 2 is true, condition 2's statement shall be executed.
- 5. **Variable Declaration** - Declares variables that are going to be used in the code. To declare a variable, you may use var(can be reassigned), let(can't be redeclared), and const(can't be redeclared or changed or reassigned).

## **List at least 5 topics that you know and can describe but needs further practice/discussion and why.  The why should be per topic listed.**
- 1. **rli.createInterface** - It was discussed in class and overall, it was a pretty decent discussion that could have been more due to the circumstances. The circumstances being the poor internet connection making it harder to understand with cutoffs. Hopefully more practices and discussions on this happens face-to-face as it is quite a complex topic.
- 2. **Number Objects/Properties/Methods** - Examples of these are MAX_VALUE, NaN, Number(), parseInt(), and etc.. These can be further practiced and discussed upon because it can simplify and shorten the codes I made.
- 3. **Event Handlers** - These are attached to HTML events and are what can process these events. My reason for why I need more practice and discussion on these are for the activities and the project that will require this. These will help me design and stabilize the future websites or HTML documents that I have to make. 
- 4. **Logical Operators** - These return a boolean value. However, I am still confused on what boolean value will be returned when a logical not operator(!) is used on 1 variable only and also when a logical and/or operator is used between non-boolean values.
- 5. **Loop Control Structures** (while, do..while, for..in) - While I used these a lot in grade 8, I now do not fully understand what specific loop structure I should use for specific set of codes especially since we are using a new language. These control structures will be commonly used in the future activities, so I must get ready.
## **Describe on what will be your plan of action in order to help yourself in understanding further the topics listed on the second items.**
The topics above are hard for me to understand but I can also make them easy for me to understand. My plan of action is simple: **watch and access resources about the topics and then begin to practice it.** I can practice it by looking at word problems at codechef or by experimenting it with my curiosity. If I do need consultation, I shall go for it. It is a simple and common plan but extremelt effective when executed and followed properly.
## **In the activities that were done in class, list at least two that you think were effective and at least two that you think not effective in helping you understand topics in our course and why?**
- **Effective**: The most common activity we would do in class was when the teacher would first type a code, explain it, and then we will be given time to type it too. Some might say that it was repetitive, but in my opinion, it was engaging. Engaging as we were able to not only just experiment with the code but recieve help from the teacher and classmates. Aside from this, another effective activity were the bonus point ones as they required and motivated us to understand more about our topics to get them. Its a sweet trade as we yearn for the bonus point, and we will achieve it by trying to understand the topics more through many resources and consultations. 
- **Not Effective**: Online activities were not that effective compared to our physical activities as the poor internet connection can usually hinder our process of understanding and also the online distractions that can appear. Pen and paper may be seen innefective as it is quite a hard activity due to requiring high analysis on complex codes and taking a long time to write it all down. It is effective in a way as it wants us to analyze and understand it, but others would find it ineffective.